fix docs blockstore formatting (#31105)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/validator/blockstore.md

## Blockstore APIs

The Blockstore offers a subscription based API that ReplayStage uses to ask for entries it's interested in.

> These subscription API's are as follows:

Reviewer: Given that these two lines don't have much technical detail in them, I think we can do away with the newlines between them. Ie, change
```
The Blockstore offers a subscription based API that ReplayStage uses to ask for entries it's interested in.
 .
These subscription API's are as follows:
```
to
```
The Blockstore offers a subscription based API that ReplayStage uses to ask for entries it's interested in. These subscription API's are as follows:
```

Author: done

1. `fn get_slots_since(slot_indexes: &[u64]) -> Vec<SlotMeta>`: Returns new slots connecting to any element of the list `slot_indexes`.

> 2. `fn get_slot_entries(slot_index: u64, entry_start_index: usize, max_entries: Option<u64>) -> Vec<Entry>`: Returns the entry vector for the slot starting with `entry_start_index`, capping the result at `max` if `max_entries == Some(max)`, otherwise, no upper limit on the length of the return vector is imposed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `fn get_slot_entries(slot: Slot, shred_start_index: u64) -> Result<Vec<Entry>>`: For the specified `slot`, return a vector of the available, contiguous entries starting from `shred_start_index`. Shreds are fragments of serialized entries so the conversion from entry index to shred index is not one-to-one. However, there is a similar function `get_slot_entries_with_shred_info()` that returns the number of shreds that comprise the returned entry vector. This allows a caller to track progress through the slot.
```
